Rebar slip lynn (#412)
idaholab/blackbear: doc/content/source/constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint.md

The second bondslip model is an elastic perfect plastic version of the nonlinear model.  Initial slip of the rebar-concrete bond is a linear function of stress.  Linear slip continues up to [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/max_bondstress) and [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/transitional_slip_value).  After `max_bondstress` is reached, additional slip occurs at a constant force.  Unloading follows teh slope of the linear loading curve. This model is selected by [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/bondslip_model)=`elastic_perfect_plastic_model`.

> The bond slip model outputs for [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_slip), [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_force), and [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_plastic_slip) can be written to `AuxVariables`.  [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_slip) is the total amount of slip in the constraint and [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_plastic_slip) is the plastic component of the slip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information on the bond-slip model's behavior can be written to `AuxVariable` through the [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_slip), [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_force), and [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_plastic_slip) parameters.  [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_slip) is the total amount of slip in the constraint and [!param](/Constraints/RebarBondSlipConstraint/output_axial_plastic_slip) is the plastic component of the slip.
```
